# [40. Combination Sum II](https://leetcode.com/problems/combination-sum-ii/)

#### Description:

Given a collection of candidate numbers (candidates) and a target number (target), find all unique combinations in candidates where the candidate numbers sum to target.

Each number in candidates may only be used once in the combination.

Note: The solution set must `not` contain duplicate combinations.

#### Understanding:

Given a list of number, which has repeated numbers, find all UNIQUE combinations (each num can be  used once) that sum up to the target value.

	Input: candidates = [10,1,2,7,6,1,5], target = 8
	Output: [[1,1,6],[1,2,5],[1,7],[2,6]]
	
	Not [[1,1,6],[1,2,5],[1,7],1,2,5],[1,7],[2,6]]


#### Approach `O(2^N), O(N), N: len(nums)`:

	How's this O(2^N) and combination sum is O(N^(T/M)). Please could you explain?
	
	In combination sum, in each recursive call, the candidate space can be the same. 
	Say for example target = 6 and candidates = [1,2,3] 
	then one possibility is 1+1+1+1+1+1. 
	We can see that we can "reuse" the same candidate all the way 
	to the final depth of the recursive tree. 
	
	However in this problem, each candidate only has 2 choices 
	- to get included, or not to. 
	If we include it, we cannot consider it in the subsequent calls. 
	So the answer becomes 1+2+3.

Backtrack process can be generalized as a tree model.

In the tree, the `nums` is the width and `each candidate to be appended` is the depth.

Because each num can only be used once, we need to have startIndex define the search range.

Because we have repeated num in the array and we want to return unique combinations. 

To reduce dups, we need to continue on the existing num in the sorted array.


- Step 1: Define the backtrack funtion 
	- parameters: path, startIndex, total
	- return: res (global) 
- Step 2: The end of recursion/backtrack
	- find the target
	- AND! after sorting nums, we can tell if `total > 0`, directly return res
- Step 3: Single tree level logic
	- for loop, start from startIndex to len(nums)
		- check if it is a repeated num in the search range 
			- if it is, skip this num 
		- path, target
		- backtrack(i + 1, path, total)
		- path, target
		
#### Python - pass by reference:
```python

```